# Resume-Verification-And-Personality-Prediction-Using-Social-Media-Analysis-For-Job-Recruiting
The project mainly helps job recruiters to ease their work. And it shows how people behave on social media platforms such as Facebook and LinkedIn. (that they can’t see on the resumes that are submitted for the job). And also predicts personality.  resume verification is a tedious process where a third party involves verification. No guarantee of any trustful verification. More than 90% of companies now use social network services (SNS) data to evaluate applications. Companies consider SNS data as an important source of verification because firms can find an applicant's true qualities from daily life logs on SNS. The problem with evaluating SNS data to evaluate applicants is that companies do it manually. This is a huge task because of its time consumption, high cost, and subjective evaluation process.  It is an automated system where whole user data about the posts, likes, comments will be scanned and analysed. machine-learning algorithms precision, recall, f1 score, accuracy will be obtained at the training time. For machine learning, accuracy is decided in this way. By verifying some random Facebook profile and checking how our system predicts about them. The system should give an output of user posts, likes, comments, comment analyses. Thus, we can decide to hire a person or not. While interviewing also, we can go through using social media accounts, and output will be generated.
